% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering

\author{}
\date{}

\begin{document}

\includegraphics[width=2.86111in,height=3.21528in]{media/image1.jpeg}

\textbf{NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY RAIPUR}

\textbf{Submitted to}: Dr. Saurabh

\textbf{Submitted by}: Name : Varsha Singh

\textbf{Branch}: Biomedical Engineering.

\textbf{E-mail}: singhvarsha1526@gmail.com

\textbf{1 Autosampler} :- An Autosampler is a device that is coupled to
an analytic instrument providing samples periodically for analysis . An
Autosampler can also be understood as a device that collects sample from
a large sample source , like the atmosphere or a lake , for example .
Autosampler enabled substantial gains in productivity precision, and
accuracy in many analytical scenario and therefore are widely employed
in laboratories. An Autosampler replace the manual sampling and
injection by automatically selecting a sample and inserting it into the
inlets of the instrument in addition to freeing up to operators time
Autosampler eliminate source of error and provide better reproducibility
and accuracy especially when working with very low volumes . Autosampler
are available for GC application , such as liquid injection, static and
dynamic headspace. SPME and purge and trap and for HPCL application
including liquid injection sample prep and fraction extraction . They
are used in medical and forensic lab and in the environmental
pharmaceutical and food industries . Option include integrated stirring
devices vertical configuration requiring minimal bench space shaking
capability and Metal free sample channel's Easily programmable field
sample are also available .

\textbf{2 Bed Alert System} :- Bed alarm system works via pressure
sensors.They detect when the user is no longer in the bed sent an alert
as soon as this happens. They alert is picked on a receiver and provide
a strong, audible signal to relative in other room. These reliable
system can cares handle situation as they arise This high quality bed
alarm paging system allows the caregiver to carry the pager them the
caregiver can relax, knowning they will hear an alert when their patient
is typing to get out of bed. Please the bed pad under the patient's back
and when the patient sits up, a alerts is sent. The caregiver can carry
the pager in their pocket, clip it to the belt or place it on a counter.
The pad made of a soft vinyl mat erail with foam interior for added
comfort, carries a one year manufacturer's warrenty,and is sealed for in
continence protection. The monitor volume in the with the patient is set
to be silent, but can be adjusted to have a low alerts sound in the room
also, if that would encourage the patient to wait for assistance. The
pager features three volume settings, a vibrate option tone options and
on/off switch.

\textbf{3.Breast Biopsy System:-} Breast biopsy system offer the most
comprehensive and customized solution for every breast healthcare needs.
This test is used to remove the tissues or fluids from the suspicious
areas. Such removed cells are latter examined for the presence of breast
cancer. This diagnostic procedure can determine if the suspicious area
is cancerous or not, As a breast biopsy system supplier ,Trivitron's
portfolio includes everything from imaging equipment and breast biopsy
devices to guidance systems, analysis software, and site makers all
designed to work A breast biopsy is a procedure to remove a small sample
of breast tissue for laboratory testing. A breast biopsy is a may to
evaluate a suspicious area in your breast to determine whether it is
breast cancer. There are several types of breast biopsy procedures. A
breast biopsy provides a sample of tissue that doctors use to identify
and diagnose abnormalities in the cells that make up breast lumps ,other
unusual breast changes, or suspicious or concerning findings on a
mammogram or ultrasound. The lab report from the breast biopsy can help
determine whether you need additional surgery or other treatment.

\textbf{4 Medical Waste System} :- Biomedical waste is generated from
biological and medical sources and activities, such as the diagnosis ,
prevention ,or treatment of diseases. Medical facilities generate waste
hazardous chemicals and radioactive materials while such wastes are
normally not infections , they proper disposal.

Types of waste (1) Infectious waste (2) Sharp waste (3) Chemicals waste
(4)Cytotoxic waste (5) Radioactive waste (6) Non-hazardous or general
waste (7) Pathological waste (8) Pharmaceutical waste

Waste management : Reasons for failure. Lack of awareness about the
health hazards related to health-care waste , in adequate training in
proper waste management , absence of waste management and disposal
systems , in sufficient financial and Human Resource's and the low
priority given to the topic are the most common problems connected with
the health care waste Many countries either do not have appropriate
regulations, or do not enforce them.

\textbf{5 Sharp waste handling} : -Sharp waste is a subset of infections
waste and compromises syringes, needless, lancet broken glass and any
other materials that can Pierce the skin .The combination of
contamination with pathogens and the ability to break through the skin
protection and one of the most dangerous waste produce in health care .
The treatment of Sharp waste is so important never take its disposal
lightly . The reason why the Sharp are such hazardous kind of medical
waste is that aside from being able to Pierce or cut the skin they can
also become easy carriers for different infection pathogens . This
combination make them especially dangerous to basically everyone . They
are one of the most dangerous types of Biomedical waste in the whole of
the healthcare industry and such their safe disposal is one of the most
important factors medical facilities have to consider if they work with
any kind of sharps . However many of the infection comes from the
improper handling of Sharp waste and the reuse of syringes . Even
mistakes that may seem trivial in the beginning can lead to infection
such as the use of improper container sharp can easily pass through a
lot of trash bags and could even infect the person carrying it .

\end{document}
